Welcome to the CS421 grading program. 

The files you need to edit in this bundle are:
- mpX-skeleton.ml (first rename to mpX.ml, then modify)
- tests (add new test cases)
No other file should be edited. You will only submit mpX.ml.

To run the grading program:

(In these items, mpX refers to mp1, mp2, mp3, etc)

0.  IMPORTANT:  Make sure your solution defines every function we ask you
    to define.  For example, suppose we ask you to define the function
	
        splat : 'a list -> 'a list list
		
    but for whatever reason, you decide you don't want to write the 
    splat function.  Then please define the splat function as 
    follows:
	
        let splat lst = raise (Failure(""))
		
    If you forget to define a function, the grading program will not 
    compile; you won't receive any credit if the grading program does not 
    compile. 

    You can use mpX-skeleton.ml file for your convenience. This file
    includes definitions for all the functions, and is compilable.

    IT IS STRONGLY RECOMMENDED THAT YOU START WORKING FROM THE SKELETON FILE.

1.  Your solution should be called mpX.ml  You may rename your file with
	
        mv mp1-skeleton.ml mpX.ml

    WARNING: Makefile copies your mpX.ml as student.ml, and then compiles it. 
    Do not have any important file named student.ml, or else it will be 
    overwritten and you will lose it.
		
2.  Your file has to reside in this directory.

3.  Execute
	
        make
		
    to build the grader.  
    
    If the grader does not build, make sure you have your solution named 
    mpX.ml.
	
    Secondly, the grading program won't build if your solution's functions
    do not have the correct types, or if a function is not defined (see #0).

4.  Run
		
        ./grader
		
    to see how well your solution does.

5.  If you make changes to your solution, be sure to re-run make (step #3).
    If you forget to re-run gmake, your changes won't have any effect on the
    grader program. Do not forget that your solution will be graded using 
    many more test cases than provided to you. You are encouraged to test your
    solution against more cases.

7.  The rubric provided is not extensive. You should add many more test cases 
    to increase your confidence that your implementation is correct. The grading
    rubric will include many more tests than the one provided to you.

    IMPORTANT: Add new test cases to the "tests" file to increase your confidence
    about your implementation.


